### Scoped settings and tasks

All posterous-sbt settings and tasks are now scoped into a
configuration named "posterous". This will require you to change the
way your email and password are defined (yes, *again*). More on that
below.

Because the settings and tasked are scoped, we no longer need to
prefix them to avoid collisions. So `publish-notes` is now just
`publish` in the `posterous` scope. This is how you invoke it sbt's
interactive mode:

    > posterous:publish

Same goes for the old `preview-notes`, it's now this:

    > posterous:preview

### Optional email and password settings

The settings type for your email and password has changed from a
`String` to an `Option[String]`. This allows the plugin to define a
default value of `None`.

This allows you to launch sbt and use it normally even an unconfigured
instance of posterous-sbt is loaded. Previously, you would see a
confusing error on launch. Now, you will see an error only when you
try to run the `posterous:publish` or `posterous:check` options.

## Settings adjustment

You need to adjust the way your user settings are configured with this
release. Since all projects and users should have upgraded from sbt
0.10.0 to 0.10.1 by now, it is recommended that you remove your file
`~/.sbt/plugins/user.scala` if present, and instead configure using a
file `~/.sbt/user.sbt`:

    import posterous.Publish._

    (email in Posterous) := Some("you@example.com")

    (password in Posterous) := Some("yourpassword")

### To upgrade your global plugin

After updating your user settings as described above, update your
`libraryDependencies` in `~/.sbt./plugins/build.sbt`:

    libraryDependencies <+= (sbtVersion) { sv =>
      "net.databinder" %% "posterous-sbt" % ("0.3.0_sbt" + sv)
    }

### Project-specific settings

Information on project-specific configuration of the plugin has been
added [to the readme](https://github.com/n8han/posterous-sbt#readme).
